with this new video we will talk about
of the care and treatment of the nails there
keep in mind that some of the
daily activities the products
Chemical bad eating habits
and some harmful customs like
biting the nails make these
weaken here have several options
natural to strengthen nails 1
for a good diet we must
incorporate foods into our diet
rich in protein legumes, minerals and
calcium in addition to six vitamins
present in varied fruits and vegetables
2 one of the main causes for
that our nails are weak in addition
of the feed is the contact
constant with chemical products like
detergents and other substances that's why
to strengthen them it is important to use
gloves every time we clean we see
the dishes or use substances that
may be harmful
in this way we will protect our
hands and nails
3 It is important that you dedicate evil
habit of wrapping your nails
keep them constantly in your mouth
you can use them to open things
etcetera this only makes them weaken
and split 4 the olive oil is
ideal to increase and strengthen
Nails is an easy ingredient to have in
the kitchen
you just have to dip your hands to
daily in olive oil for about
minutes and then with the same oil
massage your nails our nails
hydrate in an important way avoiding
to dry is already carmen what it does
that look more beautiful and strong 5 the
calcium from milk helps us a lot
to show off our nails take milk to
daily you can choose to drink milk
of almonds to strengthen your nails or
If not, you can also choose
calcium supplements
Salt is a great ally for
strengthen the nails because of its
iodine content in half a liter of water
skin and mix a spoonful of salt and
Introduce your hands for 10 minutes
this simple home remedy will help you
to improve the condition of your nails
recommends doing it at least twice a
week 7 castor oil
recondite mineiro is a popular remedy
natural to strengthen the nails is enough
with applying some drops on your nails and
massage you will also notice how they hydrate
also the ridiculous ones improving their
Appearance 8 breaks three capsules of
vitamin and add the content in your
moisturizer for hands and nails
daily use this simple trick you
will help enhance its effects
protecting your nails much better and
strengthening diaz 9 way other
natural and great oil to strengthen
your nails is the almond oil
applied in the same way as castor oil and
enjoy its powerful benefits
moisturizers and vitamins that cuts if
you liked our video share it with
your friends and follow us
in our health and wellness channel